
   ¦----------------------------------------------¦
   ¦                                              ¦
   ¦       THE POLYGLOSSIA PACKAGE v1.33.0        ¦
   ¦                                              ¦
   ¦     Modern multilingual typesetting          ¦
   ¦        with XeLaTeX and LuaLaTeX             ¦
   ¦                                              ¦
   ¦----------------------------------------------¦

This package provides a complete Babel replacement for users of XeLaTeX and 
(at an early stage) LuaLaTeX. This version includes support for 74 different
languages.

Polyglossia makes it possible to automate the following tasks:

* Loading the appropriate hyphenation patterns.
* Setting the script and language tags of the current font (if possible and
  available), using the package fontspec.
* Switching to a font assigned by the user to a particular script or language.
* Adjusting some typographical conventions in function of the current language
  (such as afterindent, frenchindent, spaces before or after punctuation marks,
  etc.).
* Redefining the document strings (like “chapter”, “figure”, “bibliography”).
* Adapting the formatting of dates (for non-gregorian calendars via external
  packages bundled with polyglossia: currently the Hebrew, Islamic and Farsi
  calendars are supported).
* For languages that have their own numeration system, modifying the formatting
  of numbers appropriately.
* Ensuring the proper directionality if the document contains languages
  written from right to left (via the package bidi, available separately).

Several features of Babel that do not make sense in the XeTeX world (like font
encodings, shorthands, etc) are not supported. For German however, several
shorthands do make sense and can be activated with the language option
babelshorthands=true.

Polyglossia is distributed in the traditional way with *.dtx and *.ins files,
and also comes with a TDS-conformant ready-to-unpack zip file.

To install from source (i.e. using polyglossia.dtx), run
	xelatex polyglossia.dtx
which will generate all files and produce the pdf documentation all at once.
Alternatively if you have the file polyglossia.ins run
	xetex polyglossia.ins
and follow the instructions displayed.


BUGS

Users are encouraged to report bugs on the github tracker:
http://github.com/reutenauer/polyglossia/issues
